   1. What is Semantic HTML?
   Semantic HTML is providing meaningful code to the content.
   2. What is HTML used for?
   HTML is used to write code for applications and websites.
   3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
   An attribute is extra piece of information that is given to a tag. They go in the opening tag.
   4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
   h1 tag is used to create a most important heading or title or name for the website. Used once on a page.
   5. Name two tags that have required attributes
   link and img
   6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
   header tag
   7. What is an id?
   An id is a selector in css.
   8. What elements can I add an id to?
   To any HTML element like h1, section, p etc.
   9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
   Once
   10. What is a class?
   Class is a selector in css.
   11. What elements can I add a class to?
   To any HTML element like h1, section, p etc.
   12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
   any no of times.
   13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
   by giving attribute href and target="_blank".
   14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
   The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an area, if the image cannot be displayed.
   15. How do I reference an id?
   #id
   16. What is the difference between a section and a div
   Section is a tag in HTML and div is a styling code in css.
   17. What is CSS used for?
   CSS is used for styling HTML code.
   18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
   By giving it a class selector.
   19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
   Class selectors allow us to target one element or many.An id selector is unique and used once in HTML page.
   20. How do we select classes in CSS?
   By adding .className
   21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
   <p class="human">
   22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
   Parent child selector helps to target child elements under a parent element.
   23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
   .sidebar a
   24. What is a pseudo selector?
   Pseudo-selectors are used when you may not have a set amount of elements, but you still want to style them individually.
   25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
   line-height: normal; line-height: 1.6; line-height: 80%;
   26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
   letter-spacing: normal; letter-spacing: .2rem; letter-spacing: 1px;
   27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
   text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
   28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
   border: 1px dotted black;
   29. How do I select everything on the page?
   command A
   30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
   /*======= Create a new selector */
   31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
   pwd
   32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
   ls
   33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
   rm, because it's permanent.
   34. Why should I use version control?
   To keep track of changes made to the file in the project.
   35. How often should I commit to github?
   every 20min, or any significant change
   36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
   git push -u
   37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
   fork, clone, add collaborator's name, cd, checkout branch -b, add reviewer's name, git add, git commit -m"", git push -u, pull request, review and merge.
